 Thornton Gombar lifted his gaze to the sky as a hovercraft zoomed over his home. Based on the rosy pink tints that adorned its exterior, Thornton surmised that the vehicle was a pleasure craft, likely filled with a small group of men and women engaging in gross debauchery as the self-driving vehicle propelled itself across the sky. The craft jerked and jolted in an arrhythmic manner as it flew to the heart of Homasoro City, where even more such activities awaited them. 
Thornton shook his head and turned his attention again to the ground. 
Before his home lay a small plot of brownish soil. He had spent the entire day clearing it of the gnarled weeds that had accumulated during decades of neglect. Only one remained. 
Thornton got on his knees and, wrapping his fingers around the base, began to pull. The weed didn't provide much resistance—immediately, a resounding 'snap' echoed through the yard as the stem broke apart. 
Thornton tossed the weed aside and stared forlornly at the spot it once sprouted. The roots were still trapped beneath the ground. If he were to leave it alone, the despicable plant would grow back and likely spread its ilk throughout the now-clean yard. 
Using his fingers and a jagged rock he found nearby, Thornton began to pick at the earth around it to create leverage for what he anticipated would be an excruciating pull. He was about to begin his efforts when he felt a shadow encompass him. 
Floating just inches from Thornton's head was an android whose appearance was akin to that of some deformed spider. Its body was white and spherical, with four sinewy appendages that sprouted from its center. 
A soft, monotonous voice wafted through the machine's speaker. "Hello, Mr. Gombar," it said. "How are you doing this fine morning?"
Thornton suppressed a groan. He hated that the thing already knew his name, but all the androids of Homasoro City, even these simple public maintenance models, were equipped with face-recognition tech. I guess I just have to get used to it, he thought. 
Thornton turned his attention back to the ground. "I'm doing just fine today, uh…" 
His voice trailed. He wanted to address the machine as 'sir' but felt awkward speaking to it as he would a man. 
The android seemed to pick up on his uncertainty. "You may address me as B-7269."
"Thanks. I'm doing just fine today, B-7269." 
Thornton grimaced as he began to pull on the submerged root. 
The android's voice struck Thornton's ears again. "Mr. Gombar—what are you doing?" 
Thornton's voice was strained as he continued to pull. "Pulling a weed."
"Why are you doing that, Mr. Gomber? You seem uncomfortable."
Thornton had to grimace to keep from rolling his eyes. "The damn thing is ugly. It's a stain on my yard. I want to start a garden here. I want to plant roses, lilies, and stuff like that. This weed here will steal their nutrients and water. I need to get rid of it."
The android reached one of its spindly arms downward. "Here. Let me help." 
Thornton waved the machine's arm away. "No need." 
A gust of air blew through clenched teeth as Thornton pulled once more. Finally, the earth broke away, and the tangled bundle of roots was released. 
Thornton sighed in relief. "See. I got it."
"Impressive."
Thornton ignored B-7269's comment and walked back into his home. When he reemerged, he carried a pre-potted rose in his arms. He took it to the front-left corner of his yard, set it beside him, and began digging into the soil with a gardening shovel. 
B-7269 hovered over to him. "Mr. Gombar—if you want a garden, all you have to do is submit a request to the Department of Public Maintenance and Satisfaction. That way, a team of androids like myself can plant the garden for you. In fact, I can file the request on your behalf. It should take two to three days for it to be fulfilled."
Beads of sweat began to drip from Thornton's brow. "That's fine," he said. "I got it."
B-7269 was insistent. "I can detect a rising level of opioid peptides in your neural tissue. Doing the work yourself is obviously causing you some pain. I would advise that you utilize the services provided by the Department of Public Maintenance and Satisfaction."
"I have arthritis. I'm used to it."
"It is my duty to ensure all citizens of Homasoro City are content and happy. My programming tells me that pain is the antithesis of happiness. If you want a garden planted on your property, we can ensure that it is done without any suffering on your part."